Flow Windows service: Support environment variables (#5762)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/setup/install/windows.md

* `/CONFIG=<path>` Path to the configuration file. Default: `$INSTDIR\config.river`
* `/DISABLEREPORTING=<yes|no>` Disable [data collection][]. Default: `no`
* `/DISABLEPROFILING=<yes|no>` Disable profiling endpoint. Default: `no`
* `/ENVIRONMENT="KEY=VALUE\0KEY2=VALUE2"` Define environment variables for Windows Service. Default: ``

## Service Configuration

> Grafana Agent is using the Windows Registry `HKLM\Software\Grafana\Grafana Agent Flow` for service configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana Agent uses the Windows Registry `HKLM\Software\Grafana\Grafana Agent Flow` for service configuration.
```

* `Arguments` (Type `REG_MULTI_SZ`) Each value represents a binary argument for grafana-agent-flow binary.

> * `Environment` (Type `REG_MULTI_SZ`) Each value represents a environment value `KEY=VALUE` for grafana-agent-flow binary.

Author: Do you mean the output of `reg query` ?

> * `Environment` (Type `REG_MULTI_SZ`) Each value represents a environment value `KEY=VALUE` for grafana-agent-flow binary.

Reviewer 2: I guess so? I've only used `reg export` and I suppose `reg query` does a similar job. As long as people can see the values in a format they can recognise, it's ok.

* `/DISABLEREPORTING=<yes|no>` Disable [data collection][]. Default: `no`
* `/DISABLEPROFILING=<yes|no>` Disable profiling endpoint. Default: `no`

## Service Configuration

Grafana Agent is using the Windows Registry `HKLM\Software\Grafana\Grafana Agent Flow` for service configuration.

> * `Arguments` (Type `REG_MULTI_SZ`) Each value represents a binary argument for grafana-agent-flow binary.

Reviewer 3: Do we need any sort of documentation around escaping the values here? Thinking quotes ,double quotes etc

Author: I think no. `Arguments` is a multi string value which is natively passed to an go slice. 

Of couse you have to quote think, if you are running reg.exe from CLI. But if you using RegEdit, then no additional quoting is required.

It's could be important to mention that there is no shell parsing. If you quote path, like `"C:\file.json"`, then the Agent complains that the path `"C:\file.json"` does not exists (because the quotes are not stripped)
